Let's see.
It says the town's located deep
in the mountains.
I guess we'll have to
transfer here.
It should take another hour.
What?
How far do we have to go?
It's not that far, Amy.
Why not think of this as just
part of the adventure?
Camping's not
my idea of an adventure.
We're gonna have lots of fun.
I promise!
All right.
If you say so.
I do!
[Giggles]
Chris, you know a good place to
set up camp when we get there?
I hear there's a great place
near a river north of here.
It's nice and peaceful,
and it's good for fishing, too.
Hey, that sounds like
a perfect spot.
Maybe you and I could go
for a swim, Cheese.
Sound fun?
Chao!
Bus service to
Hot Springs Village.
This is Stewart.
Do you read me?
Listen carefully.
The bus to Hot Springs Village
leaves every hour on the hour
from bus stop number three.
Have you got that?
All right, students, line up!
The bus will be here
any minute now.
[Whistle blows]
- Mr. Stewart sure is excited.
- I'll say.
Hey, Francis, how come
Mr. Stewart's coming?
Wouldn't this trip be a lot more
fun if it was just us kids?
Don't know. Maybe he wants
to have some fun, too.
All I can say is this whole
camping thing better be fun,
or they're gonna hear it
from me.
Where's Sonic, anyway?
Sonic's not much for camping.
He says he's gonna explore
the city.
He's on his way there now.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Look at that!
Chao! Chao!
Mr. Tanaka, we're here.
I trust you had a safe trip.
Your homeland really is
beautiful, Mr. Tanaka.
Thank you, Master Chris.
I hope you and your friends
will enjoy your stay here.
It certainly was a wonderful
place for a boy to grow up.
I can see why.
Where do we go from here,
Mr. Tanaka?
Well, just follow me
and I will take you.
Now, hold on
just a minute there, sir!
Just let me
get out my flag here.
I will be your official guide!
Step lively, kids!
CREAM:
Look at the mountains!
FRANCIS:
And all the nature around us!
Nothing but blue skies,
trees, grass.
Sure is pretty, huh, Cream?
It's the most beautiful place
we've ever seen.
Isn't it, Cheese?
Chao! Chao!
What's this smelly thing?
An onion.
Mr. Tanaka's fixing us
some lunch.
You do that just like
a real chef, Mr. Tanaka.
It takes great concentration.
Would you like to help me mix
the dressing for the salad?
Well, sure.
Why not?
This camping trip
won't be so bad after all.
I have to keep an eye on Chris,
but that doesn't mean
I can't have fun.
Here's a bowl to put
the vegetables in, Mr. Tanaka.
Perfect.
I think I'm beginning to
like this.
Got it!
Aw!
You just missed.
Whoa! That's the coolest thing
I've ever seen!
I'm gonna put it in a jar
and take it home.
I thought we were only
collecting bugs that fly.
Hello, there, little guy.
Wow, look at all the fish,
Cream!
Yeah, there's some.
It jumped!
[Laughs]
Cheese, watch out!
Chao!
Chao! Chao!
Oh, Cheese!
Come back!
No!
Cream, we have to tell
the others!
Chao! Chao! Chao!
Cheese must be
up the river somewhere.
About a mile from this spot,
the river splits off
in two different directions.
There is no telling which way
the current was traveling.
[Sobbing] Cheese!
Don't cry, Cream.
It'll be okay.
Remember, Cheese is
a very good swimmer.
Yeah, Amy's right.
I feel so bad.
I should have done something.
Don't feel bad.
It's not your fault.
The current may be rapid,
but there are many areas
where the water is shallow.
Cheese may very well be stuck
in a patch of sand somewhere.
Let's all search right away!
Okay! We'll start
an official search party!
ALL:
Yeah!
[Groaning]
My feet are killing me.
I can't take anymore!
It must be 120 degrees out here!
Actually, Doctor, it is exactly
95 degrees Fahrenheit.
Mine says 35 degrees Celsius,
which is really the same
as 95 degrees Fahrenheit.
Either way,
we are talking hot stuff.
Be quiet!
I didn't ask you
for a weather report.
Decoe, my chair!
Bocoe, my fan!
All righty.
There we go.
Nice and cool.
Ahh!
Pretty please, Doctor,
can't we have our vacation
back at the Egg Fort
where it is nice and cool?
No. The theme of this vacation
is roughing it,
and like it or not,
that's what we're going to do.
Oh, well.
At least mosquitoes
don't like robots.
I just hope you brought enough
calamine lotion.
Quiet!
[Bokkun giggling]
Hi!
What are you doing here?
I gave strict orders
not to be disturbed.
I know, I know.
But I thought you should know
about this.
Cheese, we're coming to get you!
Answer us if you can hear us!
Cheese, are you there?
What are those clowns
doing here?
This sure is a coincidence.
Perhaps they are looking
for a Chaos Emerald.
Well, so am I!
Get down!
They'll see us!
In order to observe,
we must remain incognito.
Oh, I'll remain incognito,
all right.
As incognito as a snake
in the grass.
Cheese, are you there?
[Shouting indistinctly]
Yow!
That pesky mosquito
just sunk its stinger
into my soggy wet noodle!
It is not like
we did not warn him.
All right, you lazy leeches.
I want every mosquito here
insecticided!
Couldn't we just use bug spray?
Whoa!
Behind you.
[Screaming]
That cursed insect.
Hey, was that a voice
coming from over there?
Was it Cheese?
It sounded like a man.
Maybe someone else is camping.
Maybe.
Cheese!
We're on our way!
What if Cheese
is inside that tunnel?
I'll look.
I'm afraid I can't fit.
I'll bet we could all fit
no problem.
You wait here
while we check it out.
All right.
Promise you'll be careful.
Okay.
Just make sure
you don't lose your way.
We won't.
Hey!
They're coming in
loud and clear.
Hey!
Wow!
Sonic!
Try a pastry.
Thanks.
You like it?
It's good.
Guess this is the end
of the tunnel.
I wonder what's out here?
What?
[Both gasp]
Is this real?
It can't be!
Hey, they all look
just like Cheese.
I can't believe it.
It's a Chao colony.
They're all so cute.
Hey, look, Chris.
They really like us.
Yeah, I guess they can sense
that we're friendly.
Hey, this one
wants to go for a swim.
Cheese, is that you?
I guess not.
Cheese! Sorry.
Chao! Chao!
There you are!
Cheese!
Chao!
Oh, Cheese, you're okay!
Chao! Chao!
She's so happy.
Come on out of that water,
Cream.
You're getting your feet
all soggy.
I don't mind.
All that matters
is Cheese is okay.
She sure is.
Are you happy?
Looks like Cheese
made some friends.
- Chao! Chao!
What's up?
They're all excited
about something.
I'll bet they're just happy
that Cheese found her friends
again, that's all.
I think you're right.
It really is pretty here,
don't you think?
Sure is.
Let's look around.
There he is!
Up there on the roof!
Hi, Sonic!
Hey!
Hiya, girls!
Sonic!
Oh, now I won't have a picture.
CHRIS: Come on.
Throw the ball, Danny!
- Chao! Chao!
Hey, nice catch.
These look great.
Here.
Here you go.
Look how they gobble them up.
Hey, Tails, do the Chao
on your planet
have little colonies
like this, too?
Yep. They have colonies
in a lot of places,
but there has to be
plenty of fresh water.
And since the water
has to be kept clean,
most of the Chao colonies
are kept a secret.
I guess they're kept a secret
here, too.
I've never seen
anything like this.
It's like
a whole different world.
Yeah, a secret world.
How much longer
do we have to keep this up?
Please, can't we go home,
Dr. Eggman?
My bearings are killing me.
Aah!
Quit your whining, will you?
I refuse to spend
my week's vacation
listening to your
incessant bellyaching!
[Panting]
I think he has heatstroke.
Never mind him.
If we don't stop roughing it
soon, I'm going to overheat.
Decoe, I order you
to empty that knapsack.
Right away, Doctor.
Huh?
While I know this camping trip
is about getting back to nature,
there are certain amenities
one cannot do without,
and this is one of them.
In we go!
A perfect choice.
And now to wake up
our little friend E-66.
Do you think they're okay,
Mr. Tanaka?
I'm sure they are just fine.
When I was a boy,
I would play in those mountains
from sunrise to sunset.
They will be back soon.
You mean once you were a young
boy like Chris, Mr. Tanaka?
Certainly.
I'll have you know
I was not always a grown-up.
Everyone is a child once.
Children!
You mean they haven't
come back here yet?
But we thought
they were with you.
We were looking for Cheese,
and we found a small tunnel.
The children went in to look,
and I haven't seen them since.
Where could they be?
They must have gotten lost.
Well, at first, I was tracking
Chris' whereabouts
with this monitor,
but soon after they entered
the tunnel, I lost contact.
I hope they're okay.
Aah!
It's Eggman!
Goodbye, you guys.
ALL:
Chao! Chao!
Chao!
- See you later!
Chao. Chao.
You feel Ionesome,
don't you, Cheese?
Maybe we can come back
here next year.
We can pack some sandwiches
and maybe play some baseball.
And Cheese can play
with her new friends again.
Yeah!
Cheese, that sound good?
Chao! Chao!
[Screaming]
[Laughs evilly]
Good day, my little explorers!
Him again!
Okay, kiddies, let's have it!
Hand over
that Chaos Emerald or else!
What Chaos Emerald?
What are you talking about?
Don't play coy with me!
What else would you scavengers
be snooping around here for?
Now, hand it over!
He must have seen us
looking for Cheese
and thought we were hunting
for a Chaos Emerald.
So that's why he's so upset.
Hey, there aren't
any Chaos Emeralds around here!
[Groans]
You can't fool me,
you Emerald snatchers!
Do not get overexcited, Doctor.
You are beginning to perspire.
Well, then,
if you mite-sized meddlers
won't cooperate with me,
perhaps my friend E-66
will convince you!
[All screaming]
[Laughs evilly]
- Whoa!
How did that happen?
I guess the soil around here
must be really soft.
Maybe that's why
that big thing tipped over.
It serves him right for siccing
his robot on us.
Oh, no!
The water!
It's all muddy!
Chao! Chao!
Hey, you guys, that river
runs into the Chao colony.
Come on.
We have to do something.
Let's go!
Who ever heard
of a mushy mountain?
I have a feeling
that E-66 and rugged terrain
do not go hand in hand.
He might be more effective
on hard, flat surfaces.
Keep quiet!
Now, help me dig out
this cast-iron klutz.
We've got some Emeralds to snag.
The cleaning is completed,
Doctor!
Well, let's get going!
Dr. Eggman, look!
Sonic!
Fancy meeting you here.
Well, Sonic.
I, uh...
I mean, we.
We were just doing a lovely bit
of sightseeing.
Yes.
For our vacation.
Ah!
You're on vacation.
Yes. Vacation.
See, I've been such
an old gloomy Gus of late
that I thought some leisure time
in the fresh air
might do me a bit of good.
He so needs it.
That so?
Let it fly!
He's gone!
Hi, there.
Haven't you clowns learned yet
you'll never be
fast enough to catch me?
Later, kids!
[Screaming]
AMY:
Sonic!
Sonic, you have to do something!
Oh, I see you've already
done something.
Cheese got lost
down by the river.
They all went looking,
but they haven't come back.
I'll find them.
Hold this, will you?
DANNY: We'll carry the mud
out with this.
CHRIS:
I don't think we can get it all.
We have to at least try, Chris.
Otherwise, all those little
Chao will get sick.
That's right, Francis.
And if we all work together,
it'll be a cinch.
SONIC:
Now, that's what I like to hear.
So all we got to do
is get rid of that mud.
It's Sonic!
Might want to let me
take care of this.
Here goes!
Okay, gang, it's all cleaned up.
[Cheering]
- Chao! Chao!
Sonic, you did it!
You're all muddy.
Wow, we really are dirty.
Guess I need a bath.
Thanks for doing that, Sonic.
Hey, my pleasure.
[Laughter]
Bet you knew all about the Chao
colony, didn't you, Mr. Tanaka?
Of course I knew, Master Chris.
I stumbled upon that colony
when I was a boy.
Don't worry.
We'll keep it a secret.
Thanks to Sonic, maybe it'll
still be here when I'm grown up.
And perhaps even beyond,
Master Chris.